20th of October was the wichtig day.
On secondary, I feel its cold in Chiba and Cutlet district.
heavens imagesT envelope picture
Corn is all the fun
Those who face
Now, we can harvest the rice.
We can harvest the rice gradually and it will be clean.
There are many people who are concerned about the rice.
There are many rice fields.
Recently, when we go to the rice fields,
we can see that the rice fields are full of the rice grains.
If you don't know if you can get a lot of rice,
you may not get a lot of rice.
It's a lot of rice.
If you look inside,
you can see that the price of rice is increasing.
It's 5,000 yen a pack, 10,000 yen a pack,
20,000 yen a pack, or 50,000 yen a pack.
The price of 5 yen a pack and 10 yen a pack is increasing.
The price of 10 yen a pack and 5 yen a pack is increasing.
What's more, the price of rice is not increasing.
It's strange.
I was a genius and I had a talent.
Why is the price of rice not increasing?
Because the rice is not coming to the rice fields.
The price of rice is not increasing because the rice is not coming to the rice fields.
In Osaka, rice is being harvested.
It's hard to harvest.
But the price of rice is not increasing.
I wait for the harvest every January.
I wait until the harvest time.
This man was a soldier in Tsukushi.
He was killed by a soldier in Tsukushi.
I knew it when I was there.
He was discharged from the base of the base.
He was discharged from the base.
When the soldiers arrived,
he was being killed by two soldiers in the fall.
He was being killed by two soldiers in the fall.
I didn't know about that.
I'm sorry, but today is the 25th.
I don't think it's going to be the 25th.
The 25th is the day of the five
The month of the 12th is the month of the first.
It's the month of the first again.
If it takes until February, it will be very strange.
The month of the 12th is the month of the first.
I'll tell you the rest later.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.